# Project 3 - Hangman

For my third project with Code Institute, I have created a Hangman game.

## Rules of the Game
Hangman is a guessing game for two or more players or one player vs the computer. For more information 
see Wikipedia.

In this version of the game, the player enters their name and the computer randomly generates a word and 
displays it as a row of underscores representing each letter in the word.

The word randomly generated by the computer must not be a proper noun. In this version of the 
game, the computer randomly selects a word from a list of improper nouns.

The player has to guess the word by guessing one letter on each turn.

If the letter guessed is in the word, the computer will reveal all instances of this letter in place of the underscores.

The player has 6 lives and if an incorrect guess is made, the player will lose a life.

If all the letters of the word are guessed correctly, the player wins the game.

If the player fails to guess all the letters in the word and all lives are lost, then the game is over and the word in revealed to the player. 

The player then has a choice if they would like to play again.

View the live project here (https://shaneduffy91.github.io/Hangman/).

<!--<a href="https://shaneduffy91.github.io/Hangman/" target="_blank" aria-label="The live project">View the live project here</a>-->

## Features
### Existing Features


<ul>
    <li>Random board generation</li>
        <ul>
        <li>Five ships are randomly placed on the player's board and the computer's board.</li>
        <li>The player cannot see the location of the computer's ships.</li>
        <li>SCREENSHOT</li>
        </ul>
    <li>The player can play against the computer.</li>
    <li>User input is accepted</li>
    <li>Keeps the scores</li>
    <li>SCREENSHOT2</li>
    <li>Input validation and error-checking</li>
        <ul>
        <li>The coordinates entered must be numbers.</li>
        <li>The same coordinates cannot be guessed twice.</li>
        <li>The coordinates entered cannot be outside the size of the grid.</li>
        <li>SCREENSHOT3</li>

## Testing
I have manually tested this project as follows:

- Ran the game in the terminal, played it a few times and fixed a few bugs (see Bugs below).
- Passed the code through the PEP8 linter and resolved a few syntax errors.
- Passed the code through the PEP8 linter a second time and confirmed there are no errors.
- Tested in my local terminal and Code Institute Heroku terminal.


### Bugs
#### Solved Bugs

- When I built the project, I was getting error messages in relation to the naming of the variables.
I renamed all the variables in line with the python naming convention.
- When I tested the game in the terminal, I discovered that the incorrect validation message printed to the terminal when there was an invalid input. This has been resolved.

#### Remaining Bugs

- No bugs remaining on this project.

#### Validator Testing

- Passed the code through the PEP8 linter and no errors returned.

## Credits

- Code Institute for the Heroku Deployment Platform.
- Matt Rudge for his ReadMe example.
- Chris Quinn for his mentoring throughout PP3.
- Wikipedia for the rules of the game.

